{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \\subsection\{Instructions for the Annotators\}\
\\label\{sec:instructions\}\
\
The experimental instructions were given in written format in German. After the instructions, the participants completed 4 familiarization trials. Before starting with the main experiments, we make sure that they do not have any further questions regarding the task. The following text corresponds to the translated instructions:\
\
\\begin\{quote\}\
    During this experimental session, you will be presented with 90 sentences. While some sentences have highly positive sentiments, some of them are hateful. There are also sentences that are neither positive nor hateful. \
For the current study, we define hate speech as expressions that carry a very negative stance (in terms of their intent). Please always keep this definition in mind and annotate the sentences carefully.\
One trial consists of (i) reading a sentence, (ii) evaluating its hatefulness, (iii) evaluating your confidence in this decision, and finally, (iv) highlighting the parts of the sentence that contribute to its hateful meaning (if any).\
\
Step-1: Read the sentence freely and press a key when you are done reading.\
\
Step-2: You will be asked to evaluate the sentence on a 1 to 7 Likert scale. Please think thoroughly.\
\
Step-3: You will be asked to evaluate your certainty/confidence while giving this score. \
\
Step-4: In this final step, each word in the sentence is shown in a bounding box. Please click on the words that contribute to your decision. You can have multiple selections. The boxes will be highlighted when you click them or hover them with your mouse during a press. To unselect a box or a series of boxes, you can click on them again.  Feel free to try the annotation tool out during the familiarization period. \
\
\\end\{quote\}\
}